classC.md, before:

## Shallow Knowledge/Class C

### Crystal

**Description:**
Basically if Ruby had a love child with C++

#### Katas

- [x] Finish the very first example file for exercism

#### TUTS

- [x] [Websockets with Elm/Crystal](https://medium.com/@zenitram.oiram/a-beginners-guide-to-websockets-in-elm-and-crystal-8f510c28eb61#.3f25x82ce)
- [x] Work through this testing example: http://ruby-journal.com/crystal/testing-whirlwind-tour-in-crystal-lang/

#### Code Reading

- [x] Read through the Spec/Test suite to see if it is as simple as TestUnit or as complex and hairy as RSpec.

#### Building

- [ ] Build a blog like in Hartl's Rails tutorial using the [Amber project](http://www.ambercr.io)

***

### GoLang

#### Advance to B

- [x] Finish Go Bootcamp 10/11/2015 1:16:44 PM Braden Douglass

***

### Full Stack JS

#### Advance

- [ ] Complete Tuts

#### React/Redux

- [ ] [React Patterns](http://krasimirtsonev.com/blog/article/react-js-in-design-patterns)
- [ ] [SurviveJS React Training ](https://survivejs.github.io/training/#/?_k=zvy0ok)
- [ ] [Read through React Enlightenment](https://www.reactenlightenment.com)
- [ ] [Read through this book on React and Redux](http://satyam.github.io/book-react-redux/#preface-the-application)
- [ ] [Read about: React Components, Elements, and Instances](https://medium.com/@dan_abramov/react-components-elements-and-instances-90800811f8ca#.xk98q4c1r)
- [ ] [Read: React Elements vs React Components vs Component Backing Instances](https://medium.com/@fay_jai/react-elements-vs-react-components-vs-component-backing-instances-14d42729f62#.482g9ynuu)
- [ ] [Build this Netflix Like App](https://www.fullstackreact.com/react-daily-ui/003-landing-page/l)
- [ ] watch the following videos: https://egghead.io/courses/getting-started-with-redux
- [ ] Work through the following Angular2/Ngrx tut: http://onehungrymind.com/build-better-angular-2-application-redux-ngrx/
- [ ] [Work through doing TDD right article in Node](https://blog.risingstack.com/getting-node-js-testing-and-tdd-right-node-js-at-scale)

#### Loopback

- [ ] Get Loopback's auth system online and functioning with login/logout/signup.
- [ ] [Developing a REST API in Loopback tut](https://blog.optis.be/developing-a-complete-rest-api-with-loopback-a3190edc105a#.w1cprekwn)

#### Angular

- [ ] [Angular 2 Webpack/RXJS Hacker news clone.](http://houssein.me/angular2-hacker-news?utm_source=javascriptweekly&utm_medium=email)

#### Comments
Thinking towards Angular2/Vue due to their paradigms being so damn close. And due to it's gigantic amount of use in 2016, [Feathers](http://feathersjs.com)  
This needs to be Loopback/Redux + React OR Angular2

Commit message:

Add Typescript Book for reading

classC.md, after:

## Shallow Knowledge/Class C

### Crystal

**Description:**
Basically if Ruby had a love child with C++

#### Katas

- [x] Finish the very first example file for exercism

#### TUTS

- [x] [Websockets with Elm/Crystal](https://medium.com/@zenitram.oiram/a-beginners-guide-to-websockets-in-elm-and-crystal-8f510c28eb61#.3f25x82ce)
- [x] Work through this testing example: http://ruby-journal.com/crystal/testing-whirlwind-tour-in-crystal-lang/

#### Code Reading

- [x] Read through the Spec/Test suite to see if it is as simple as TestUnit or as complex and hairy as RSpec.

#### Building

- [ ] Build a blog like in Hartl's Rails tutorial using the [Amber project](http://www.ambercr.io)

***

### GoLang

#### Advance to B

- [x] Finish Go Bootcamp 10/11/2015 1:16:44 PM Braden Douglass

***

### Full Stack JS

#### Advance

- [ ] Complete Tuts

#### React/Redux

- [ ] [React Patterns](http://krasimirtsonev.com/blog/article/react-js-in-design-patterns)
- [ ] [SurviveJS React Training ](https://survivejs.github.io/training/#/?_k=zvy0ok)
- [ ] [Read through React Enlightenment](https://www.reactenlightenment.com)
- [ ] [Read through this book on React and Redux](http://satyam.github.io/book-react-redux/#preface-the-application)
- [ ] [Read about: React Components, Elements, and Instances](https://medium.com/@dan_abramov/react-components-elements-and-instances-90800811f8ca#.xk98q4c1r)
- [ ] [Read: React Elements vs React Components vs Component Backing Instances](https://medium.com/@fay_jai/react-elements-vs-react-components-vs-component-backing-instances-14d42729f62#.482g9ynuu)
- [ ] [Build this Netflix Like App](https://www.fullstackreact.com/react-daily-ui/003-landing-page/l)
- [ ] watch the following videos: https://egghead.io/courses/getting-started-with-redux
- [ ] Work through the following Angular2/Ngrx tut: http://onehungrymind.com/build-better-angular-2-application-redux-ngrx/
- [ ] [Work through doing TDD right article in Node](https://blog.risingstack.com/getting-node-js-testing-and-tdd-right-node-js-at-scale)
- [ ] [Type safety is important! Read through this great TypeScript book](https://www.gitbook.com/book/basarat/typescript)

#### Loopback

- [ ] Get Loopback's auth system online and functioning with login/logout/signup.
- [ ] [Developing a REST API in Loopback tut](https://blog.optis.be/developing-a-complete-rest-api-with-loopback-a3190edc105a#.w1cprekwn)

#### Angular

- [ ] [Angular 2 Webpack/RXJS Hacker news clone.](http://houssein.me/angular2-hacker-news?utm_source=javascriptweekly&utm_medium=email)

#### Comments
Thinking towards Angular2/Vue due to their paradigms being so damn close. And due to it's gigantic amount of use in 2016, [Feathers](http://feathersjs.com)  
This needs to be Loopback/Redux + React OR Angular2
